shall i tell you a story
it's the story of an orphan girl
it was sent to live in a mysterious
house
if you cause me trouble i'll have you
sent away in an instant
you understand where he discovered
something
[Music]
something magical
something secret
but let me start at the beginning
[Music]
my name is mary lennox and my uncle owns
this house i'm colin craven and the
uncle you speak of is my father my
cousins
when was the last time you used your
chair i've never been able to walk we
could go outside and
who knows you might feel better
who are you i'm digging i need you to
keep a secret
why don't you just spat on yourself if
you are too much of a lady there is no
i am no lady son
[Music]
why can't i tell you to know of a
magical place
capable of extraordinary things i'd say
that you were lying do you trust me
you know what you risk it's worth the
risk
magic is on our side once
this house was filled with lights
laughter
happiness this garden
needs to cure colin
your excitement could kill him colin
needs to live this house is a pretty
your son needs you
it's beautiful magic
secrets huh
[Music]
hi how's the new house good
can you come over i i can't are you okay
i am going to die tomorrow
amy what is going on there is no
tomorrow for me
all right listen amy i'm really freaking
out right now i feel like you put this
idea of dying in my head
can can you just call me back
[Music]
you expecting someone like a team you
okay
i just have this feeling i'm going to
die tomorrow
but how do you know you just know okay
so you don't know
happy birthday to
[Music]
she could be right
you're worried about catching something
something really bad is gonna happen
[Music]
she did this did this do this
hey michael i just wanted to give you a
call because
it looks like you're still getting some
pretty important mail
kate just focus on the fact that you
wrote a book
that is huge turn and show me your baby
buff
smile
[Music]
guess where i am where in carbondale
welcome back right david kirkpatrick
brought me down to do a reading oh
thank you kate was in my very first
class ever as a professor
how's your book doing not as good as i
would have hoped what would you think
about teaching him teaching here it
would be nice to have you here at k
hey oh hi i used to live here
seriously today we're having a party
you should come i used to dance in this
room like 15 years ago
i was in kindergarten 15 years
the whole thing is very restrained
you want to see something
yeah what happened with you and your
boyfriend
give me my fiance were you hoping you
guys would get back together oh i'm so
pathetic
life is not like school all right it's
all like possibility for you
are you coming back
[Applause]
[Music]
this is my time i want to be a global
humanitarian
i can't do that without stopping the war
kate just make it happen what do we know
about war
enough to fake one
[Music]
that was pathetic following the
distressing images apologizing for the
story we faked
oh come on planes
images of death this is great more noise
please
more pain let you crucified
bulls on the ground it's a full scale
invasion what are you talking about
stop stop stop everyone stop i'm the
leader and i declare peace
peace peace
she's going to stop the war wait for me
what'd you say do you want to join me in
changing the world i'm your universe
kate
obey my physics
[Music]
you tell us what the hell is going on
here
[Music]
you want an origin story the year was
1984.
and that's well that's when he appeared
i call him the harbinger now because
over time i've learned that he's the one
who delivers the rules
[Music]
yeah the one and only and you are max
right i know it sounds nuts i mean i've
been wanting to play this game since i
could hold a controller
i knew he'd be back i just had no idea
there were any game cartridges left
and it was only a matter of time before
the harbinger found his one player
the one man capable truly unlocking
my boy chosen one uh chosen pawn pawn
chosen pawn and we're not even sure
maybe
unless the store is on fire this weekend
i am not to be bothered when i am jacked
in
what's the one thing the nether dungeon
never had and won't be expected
you are the prize we seek now max
power grows with each soul committed to
the game
okay well if we're going in there
against the nether we're gonna need
firepower
let's rock stop down step up froze
another dick
come on all those people out there
what would happen if the game went
mobile
imagine hundreds if not thousands of
nether possessed game junkies like your
friend here
just running through the streets running
them up it's up to us
to stop it
this is like a movie
[Music]
it's too cold human beings don't change
it's all over you stay here you will be
dead in six months
there may be a world up there where you
can make a difference
and protect riley
she's beautiful i wonder what we're
gonna find down there
this is it we're gonna need to
accelerate if we're gonna make in time
how fast we're talking
g7
no change happens without some sacrifice
can you tell me what is going on here
someone is trying to sabotage the
mission
we're running out of time
you kill my crew or why there won't be a
station to go back to
[Music]
you're trying to make genocide look like
a malfunction
we're under attack
[Music]
you add significance
to the lives of all who made you the man
you are
three two one
uh
the body was dumped in the water
think whoever killed her was hunting her
for sport
i wouldn't call it a sport but yeah
she was hunted
[Music]
breaking news we're here at a crime
scene where a body has been found
i need to see that girl she could be my
daughter
i remember hearing about your daughter
i'm still catching up on active cases
my daughter's case is far from active
there's someone out there killing
teenage girls what do you think he used
called in that level ain't no toy it was
designed to kill
[Music]
he's gonna get what's going i have some
on
you know that the suspect used that
rattle and he is at last in his basement
is your brother owning that llama are
you forgetting who the sheriff
there is no sheriff here
we never know as much as we think we do
alice
[Music]
rayburn he's here shark behind you
behind you
all listeners please be advised the
curfew will go into effect in
approximately 10 p.m
we'll break down the department of
defense's plan for pandemic influenza
and their intended response on the chao
praia outbreak
what's the plan you always have a plan
here we go
it's in the middle of nowhere it's
perfect it's a farm family hates me
no they don't
damn the virus has not spread there yet
we'll wait it out and then as soon as
it's over we will come right back
used to be home out here you know
everybody got scared
now it's just me
[Music]
you just kind of left you didn't even
feel like a choice
i just had to go kelly doesn't even know
all of it
not everything this is family business
i promise you i will never let anything
bad happen to you
you're not gonna get very far ava run
i can't stay here
you're able to protect me i know you're
tough
where's kelly you already guessed that
didn't you you're not gonna die for me
keep your head down
do it
what the hell are you doing
[Music]
i've taken lashes my whole life to keep
my family safe
but they will never with my son again
[Music]
they say he's african royalty they call
him emperor
ain't you got no manners the laundry
keeps it up
he got yourselves a rebellion i need you
to be the spark that lights the fuse
i yeah i'm in trouble then he's a brave
man
it's too risky you're going to get
yourself killed it's the only way i can
free my son
you got to get out of here you're not
just
a slave anymore you're a symbol
you ever consider going the outlaw
business well i got the whole self
chasing me
i'm ready in outlaw
where's the goddamn thing
who are you my name is pearl well there
goes our big payday
she's just an innocent woman we ain't
gonna sell her i think we do
if you take me to my home there would be
a handsome reward
[Music]
this way to the brothel
gentlemen please make yourselves at home
[Laughter]
i understand there was a reward of
course
a handsome son for these handsome men
[Music]
don't be afraid
what just happened
we gotta get out of this too
we need to find our way out go down
swinging
let's go
[Music]
all right well that was neither amazing
nor graceful
no no where do you think you're going
one of us has to go make sure he's
put to rest properly
ricky metcalf was a big flaming
comet more laughter more
joy more mascara
are you ricky's mom from texas ricky and
i are best friends
is ricky the baby's father oh definitely
not
do you know who it is yeah like
90-something percent
there you go police keys contracts
ricky own pandora's box oh my lord i've
inherited a gay bar
good evening ladies and gentlemen i'm
dusty muffin
and i gotta warn you this muffin has
nuts i'd suggest you mingle but i don't
think you have much in common with this
crap
not really much of a crowd this mommy
dearest gonna be your new boss
do i call them boys or girls well it's
kind of a time of day issue
our most popular performers just quit
business is flatlining
i have a plan what do you know about
running a drag bar
i'm a southern baptist choir mistress
different songs
same divas some of the same wigs too
i want you all to sing like sing sing
really sing
all right get dressed
it's my specialty my secret ingredient
is resentment
ma'am it's not a lot to stare it's all
right
it's my mother
what the hell is going on here
maybelline i'm not looking at our sun
through your frightened us
[Music]
i just saw the general and two colonels
for the first time apparently
first time in the ladies room
[Music]
can we go fishing when we get there dad
you and me we are gone fishing
sweetheart
i'm really glad we're doing this some
family time come on kitten
it's getting cold out here she's not in
there taylor
taylor where is she
[Music]
we pray to god that our daughter taylor
comes back to us unharmed
i'm real sorry to hear about your
daughter how old was she
why did you say was
police told us that we could help search
tonight
what if he was distracting you so that
her husband could
take our daughter i think it's time for
you and mrs michaelson maybe to go to a
hotel
i'm not going anywhere until my daughter
is back here
with me safely
we should be out there searching what is
that
we have to get the police no he'll be
caught by that
i'll oh crap wendy stop
[Music]
on the south side of the lake we found
the body of a camper
tell me what we have without our
daughter
you must not give up hope but you also
must not
get stuck and lead you into a
downward spiral
you're not going anywhere jesus i know
you can feel that they have her
[Music]
i know all about you i know everything
please acceptance
means letting go
anything you won't tell me
[Music]
you're not really how i imagine an art
critic would look
you can't tell me you never wanted to
paint
seriously what did you want to be when
you're a kid well i was never a kid
you're one of those on a wedge
a liar
ever heard of joseph cassidy the art
dealer
been invited to his estate you got rich
friends
if you could interview any living artist
who do you think it would be
at the edge of my property there's a
dilapidated little house
in this house there's an artist no
critic
has spoken to this guy in over 50 years
jerome deadly it's an honor mr debbie
think of the splash it would make see
and describe his current work
no no no i cannot abide such things
you could be running a major museum soon
and why
would you do this for me i'd value
a deputy james and i'd like
you to procure one for me
[Music]
what is this about redemption
embezzlement and
forgery kind of underhanded don't you
think
you know what we need to do most people
they're not what you'd expect you know
don't you know what's true
[Music]
they're moving the asset we go now
get down
we lost the osprey extraction
we have the governor's daughter
i promised i would keep her safe we've
militia group
in close proximity they will come for us
i wonder what this place is no one here
okay but where did they go
looks like the driver was cut up and
dragged out about what
he's torn to pieces
some lions go rogue
she likes to kill how do you know it's a
she
females are the true killers
do you want to take a stand here
we can finish this
this is
derek miller up on you
impressive stuff just doing my duty
spoken like a true soldier
i'm sure you recognize your old friend
the partner how could i forget
put a bullet in my back she's been
raising hair all over the globe for the
past two years
last week partner stole a piece of
technology
this is how we change the world
i need you and your team on this one hey
we do it my way no questions asked
i'm in all right we got your back
[Music]
not loving the spot boss martin
he's coming here if you want to survive
we're gonna have to work together
derek miller just remember
we have all the manpower and all the
leverage
dad he's using my daughter
to get to me you got kids miller
just go get my little girl let's do this
hoorah
come out come out wherever you are
you truly do not know when to quit
i got your back soldier
[Music]
you